We're going to consider user needs, technical effects, and the working design of our remote control. I've been taking meetings on the minute minutes on the meetings,. and I'll be putting them in the shared documents folder. so can we have updates from everyone from what you've worked
How do I put this. So what happens it doesn't work?
Could you just plug it back into hers
The cable might be a little loose or something.
In order to see what the functional requirements were to be found,. a hundred people were tested in a usability laboratory. Custome Customers and users don't like the way remote controls look,. they don't like the way they feel,. they don't think they match their operating behaviour,. and an example is what we were talking about, the buttons, they only use ten per cent of the buttons,. and I think we should design according to these buttons. I don't know what RSI means. So the most important buttons are those to do with channel selection. yeah so and and people like to zap a lot apparently,. Channel selection, teletext, volume, and power. The other ones are the settings, and they're used less than you know zero point eight to zero point five times per hour,. and this means that I think we can we could have like a a button for all the settings,. about the screen, and speech recognition, some people are more willing than others to actually pay for that. And if we look at the market, people from well from fifteen to thirty five year old year olds,. ninety one to seventy six percent of people in that age range are willing to pay more for this sort of product,. while people that are above thirty five years ol years old go from thirty five percent to eight percent,. but I think that the people that actually do buy remotes more are those like teenagers and young professionals and, most likely,
Okay so now I need to press eight, what is it? This my presentation about the technical functions design. and I basically just tried to focus on just what what functions we need and how to make that the best function for the user. And okay so basically I think i like it is really important that we sort of get this done in a user friendly and fashionable way. you know keeping buttons together that like close together that are used in the same way,. keeping the number of buttons the leas you know to a minimum,. but basically we need to make sure that it turns on and off the TV. or do we need to have like functions for cable or VCR? I just thought that these two remotes were pretty boring,. And I think we can find something that's more fun to look at and use than either of those. but I mean I think we sh can sort of think about things like like colour and you know size, shapes, that sort of thing, to best fit the user.
Okay so this is on the working design, which is sort of the mechanical functions of the remote,. so I think we need two basic functions which is just the basic remote functions,. the user can input a channel or volume setting and it will be output to the TV. And also we talked about a location function where maybe you could press a button on the TV and it would send sort of signal to the remote where it would beep or flash or vibrate or whatever to tell you where the remote is. So the components we need are an energy source to power the remote,. processor to take the information,. and we also need something on the remote that would receive the location signal and have an output, like possibly a beep or a vibration. so my personal preferences for how to build the remote would probably be, battery for the energy source,. a button pad for input,. IR transmitter to communicate to the TV,. and I'd probably say a buzzer for the location function on the remote itself.
And then I just wanna mention some new project requirements that came in. teletext is apparently outdated, so due to internet popularity, so that's off the list.,. also our remote should be used only for television,,. and also we need to incorporate our corporate image onto this,. So we need to make some decisions on the remote control functions.
So do we wanna go ahead and design this thing with the finder button?
It's easy to implement.
So then our target age group would be the nineteen to thirty five range,
But I mean speech recognition is really hard to programme,
If you consider our budget, to have speech recognition programmed in every single remote might be a little pricey.
And I was thinking, IR is line of sight, so unless the remote is like actually in front of the TV it's not gonna work,. so probably like a radio signal like on a on a cell phone. Yeah, so it would be a two part package.
Do you still want to build a little thing next to the telly or to hang on the wall
We probably leave that. like if you can yeah if you can call it then it's
Then it can live anywhere.
You don't need a light.
And like if the if the phone's under the couch, you might not see the light, so. 'Cause that that is something we have to decide, is whether we want to have VCR capabilities. And and if we're if we're targeting young professionals and teenagers, I mean it's gonna be DVD type, that's the the technology these days.
I think still though, it shouldn't be that hard to take like just reduce the number of buttons you know,. like 'cause if you just have like one menu button, that works like with a. you know, or you can just kind of scroll through the options that come up on the TV.
So we definitely want a power button and numbers.
That sort of like joystick flat touch thing, yeah. but do you need a screen then, do you have to have a screen then?
You can have the number on the telly going like one two three four five once you scroll and then. if you actually just want to zap, you can have like a thing like that, and that, and then it can just be plus and minus.
Well you have to you have to like be able to change the function of it to like
W right if you're on the channel let's say, then you press on the middle and then if you do that again the volume goes up, and if you do that it goes down.
But the only thing is like, iPods are so expensive,
I don't think it's the wheel dealy.
Like it could be a cool sort of you know, because it could be circular, you know, or something weird like that, just
You know actually our our new project requirements, I'm not sure if they meant onl use only for television as in not for DVD or just not internet type things. So I'll I'll check that and update you on the next
So but I'm saying like, does it make sense to have like some kind of a button,. so like you're if you're on TV, like you can switch channels,. but then if if you're on DVD then like the channel bu like the the region of the disc that was for channels is for like switching to different tracks
So everyone's gonna go finish their questionnaire,. then when we come back after lunch we'll have thirty minutes of individual work,. yeah, so think about the things we've discussed and bring some new ideas to our next meeting.